README.md, before:

# GetYourGuide Auto-GPT Plugin
Auto-GPT plugin to query getyourguide.com using https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT-Plugin-Template

### Plugin Installation Steps

1. **Clone or download the plugin repository:**
   Clone the plugin repository, or download the repository as a zip file.
  
   ![Download Zip](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BillSchumacher/Auto-GPT/master/plugin.png)

2. **Install the plugin's dependencies (if any):**
   Navigate to the plugin's folder in your terminal, and run the following command to install any required dependencies:

   ``` shell
      pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Package the plugin as a Zip file:**
   If you cloned the repository, compress the plugin folder as a Zip file.

4. **Copy the plugin's Zip file:**
   Place the plugin's Zip file in the `plugins` folder of the Auto-GPT repository.

5. **Allowlist the plugin (optional):**
   Add the plugin's class name to the `ALLOWLISTED_PLUGINS` in the `.env` file to avoid being prompted with a warning when loading the plugin:

   ``` shell
   ALLOWLISTED_PLUGINS=example-plugin1,example-plugin2,example-plugin3
   ```

   If the plugin is not allowlisted, you will be warned before it's loaded.

Commit message:

Updated readme with more details

README.md, after:

# GetYourGuide Auto-GPT Plugin
Auto-GPT plugin to search GetYourGuide.com

## Key Features:
- Allow Auto-GPT to search for things to do in a city with start and end dates
- Provides availability, pricing, and reviews for each activity
- Allows searching by pre-defined set of categories for specific inserests

### Plugin Installation Steps

Instructions from https://github.com/Significant-Gravitas/Auto-GPT-Plugin-Template

1. **Clone or download the plugin repository:**
   Clone the plugin repository, or download the repository as a zip file.
  
   ![Download Zip](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BillSchumacher/Auto-GPT/master/plugin.png)

2. **Install the plugin's dependencies (if any):**
   Navigate to the plugin's folder in your terminal, and run the following command to install any required dependencies:

   ``` shell
      pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Package the plugin as a Zip file:**
   If you cloned the repository, compress the plugin folder as a Zip file.

4. **Copy the plugin's Zip file:**
   Place the plugin's Zip file in the `plugins` folder of the Auto-GPT repository.

5. **Allowlist the plugin (optional):**
   Add the plugin's class name to the `ALLOWLISTED_PLUGINS` in the `.env` file to avoid being prompted with a warning when loading the plugin:

   ``` shell
   ALLOWLISTED_PLUGINS=example-plugin1,example-plugin2,example-plugin3
   ```

   If the plugin is not allowlisted, you will be warned before it's loaded.
